## 6. Determine how many nodes you need
- In this lab, your Docker Swarm cluster consists of one master and two worker nodes. This configuration is not highly available. 
- The manager node contains the necessary information to manage the cluster, but if this node goes down, the cluster will cease to function. For a production application, you should provision a cluster with multiple manager nodes to allow for manager node failures.
- You should have at least three manager nodes but typically no more than seven. 
- Manager nodes implement the raft consensus algorithm, which requires that more than 50% of the nodes agree on the state that is being stored for the cluster. 
- If you don't achieve more than 50% agreement, the swarm will cease to operate correctly. For this reason, note the following guidance for node failure tolerance:
     - Three manager nodes tolerate one node failure.
     - Five manager nodes tolerate two node failures.
     - Seven manager nodes tolerate three node failures.
- It is possible to have an even number of manager nodes, but it adds no value in terms of the number of node failures. 
    - For example, four manager nodes will tolerate only one node failure, which is the same tolerance as a three-manager node cluster. However, the more manager nodes you have, the harder it is to achieve a consensus on the state of a cluster.
- While you typically want to limit the number of manager nodes to no more than seven, you can scale the number of worker nodes much higher than that. 
- Worker nodes can scale up into the thousands of nodes. Worker nodes communicate by using the gossip protocol, which is optimized to be perform well under a lot of traffic and a large number of nodes.
- If you are using Play-with-Docker, you can easily deploy multiple manager node clusters by using the built in templates. Click the Templates icon in the upper left to view the available templates.